=How To Use=
==START==
===[http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/main_menu.png MAIN MENU]===

 * Click *VIEW EVENTS* to open your [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/event_list.png EVENT LIST]
 * Click *VIEW CONTACTS* to open your [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/Contact_list.png CONTACT LIST]
 * Click *SYNCHRONISE* to open [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/synch_menu.PNG SYNCHRONIZATION MENU]
 * Click *ABOUT* to learn more about ANDRICO.
 * Click *BACK* harware button to exit.

==CONTACTS==
===[http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/Contact_list.png CONTACT LIST]===

 * If your CONTACT LIST is empty, you'll see the [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/contact_list_empty.PNG NOTIFICATION WINDOW]
   * Click big SYNCHRONIZE button to open [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/synch_menu.png SYNCHRONIZATION MENU]
   * Click BACK TO MENU button to go to [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/main_menu.png MAIN MENU]
 * Click contact in the list to open [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/contact.png CONTACT INFORMATION] window
 * Just start typing to [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/Contact_list_search.png search] contacts
 
===[http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/contact.png CONTACT INFORMATION]===
 
 * Click *CONTACT EVENTS* to open contact's [http://andrico.googlecode.com/svn/screenshots/for_help/event_list.png EVENT LIST] 
 * Click *GO TO FACEBOOK PAGE* to open facebook page of the contact
 * Click *SHOW ADDRESS ON MAP* to open Google Maps see the contact address



---

 * If your contact list is empty, you have to synchronize your facebook account at first. Press *“LOG IN”* to get authorization. Put your e-mail and passwords in appropriate fields and press *“LOG IN”*.
 * If you have entered wrong e-mail or password the token won’t be created and you’ll see an error message.
 * If your e-mail and password are right press *“CREATE”* to get your token. Then enter it in relevant field and press *“OK”*. If you enter token right, you’ll be logged in.
 * After authorization press *“START SYNCH”* to start synchronization. You will need to log in only once, if no one except you uses the application.
 * If you enter a wrong token you can’t proceed with synchronization. In this case the button *“START SYNCH”* won’t be available.
 * You can return to menu by pressing *“BACK TO MENU”*

===Event List===

 * Click event to open event "EVENT INFORMATION" window
 * You’ll see your contact list. Choose the contact you want and click on it to see the information about your friend.
 * You can find your friend’s address on map. Press *“SHOW ADDRESS ON MAP”* to do that.
 * To go to your friend’s facebook page you have to press *“GO TO FACEBOOK PAGE”*.
 * If your contact list is empty, you have to synchronize your facebook account at first. Press *“LOG IN”* to get authorization. Put your e-mail and passwords in appropriate fields and press *“LOG IN”*.
 * If you have entered wrong e-mail or password the token won’t be created and you’ll see an error message.
 * If your e-mail and password are right press *“CREATE”* to get your token. Then enter it in relevant field and press *“OK”*. If you enter token right, you’ll be logged in.
 * After authorization press *“START SYNCH”* to start synchronization. You will need to log in only once, if no one except you uses the application.
 * If you enter a wrong token you can’t proceed with synchronization. In this case the button *“START SYNCH”* won’t be available.
 * You can return to menu by pressing *“BACK TO MENU”*



===Synchronization===

 * If you use this application for the first time you will need to log in. To do it click “LOG IN” on the screen of your device.
 * You can see the “Getting Authorization Token” in the title of the screen.
 * Enter your e-mail and password in relevant field using keyboard to enter Facebook and then press *“ENTER”*
 * Then you need to generate a one-time code (it’s called Token in the application) which you can give to Andrico. The token will allow Facebook to save you login info for Andrico.
 * You won’t have to log in to Facebook again to use Andrico. You can recall you permission for this application on your web-page of privacy adjustments at any time.
 * Click *“CREATE”* to generate this code. Wait a minute. Then you’ll see the window with your token. Enter it in special field and press *“OK”* to continue. Wait a minute. Then you’ll see the message *“ACQUIRED FACEBOOK SESSION”* and after that you’ll be successfully logged in.
 * After authorization press *“SNART SYNCH”* to start synchronization. Wait a few moments and you’ll see how many friends and photos have been added.
 * If you enter a wrong token you can’t proceed to synchronization. In this case the button *“START SYNCH”* won’t be not available.
* You can return to main menu of the application by pressing *“BACK TO MENU”*


===Settings===

 * In “SETTINGS” you can choose your own settings
 * To do that you have to put a mark in appropriate checkbox.
 * Put a mark against *“DON’T REMOVE CONTACT”* if you don’t want your contacts to be removed if they’re no longer your facebook friends.
 * If you want to synchronize pictures you will need to put a mark against *“SYNCHRONIZE PICTURES”*. But you should keep in mind that it will take more traffic if selected.
 * When the settings are chosen press *“BACK TO MENU”* to return in the main menu of the application.


===Exit===

 * To close the application press *“EXIT”* button and you will return to the main menu of your device.